Is the tall clock small or large?
What is the piece of furniture that he is sleeping in?
On which side of the picture are the children?
Which kind of animal is in the field?
Do you see any horses in the field?
Are the ripe bananas above a newspaper?
On which side of the picture is the ski?
Is the woman in front of a picture?
Is the little dog to the right or to the left of the pillow on the left?
Is the silver car to the right or to the left of the traffic cone?
What animal is in front of the grass?
Is the bag to the right or to the left of the woman that is wearing trousers?
Are the feathers yellow or blue?
Is the napkin in the bottom?
Does the shirt look white?
What's the bike in front of?
What is the bike in front of?
Does the pillow on the bed look orange or black?
Are the fries on a tray?
Is the small device on a cabinet?
On which side of the picture is the bench?
Is the yellow helmet to the right or to the left of the man on the right?
What is the color of the shoe lace?
On which side of the image is the backpack?
Is the spectator on the right or on the left side?
Are the people in the field standing by a lamb?
What is the brown piece of furniture called?
On which side of the picture is the fence?
In which part of the picture is the fence, the bottom or the top?
On which side of the image is the pillow?
Are there pillows or towels that are not red?
Are there any chairs or tables that are made of metal?
Is the vehicle in the parking lot black or white?
Are there breads in the paper bag?
Is there a spoon or a fork that is made of plastic?
Does the blue kite have triangular shape and large size?
What kind of baked good is brown?
Which color are the trousers?
Is there a woman to the right of the person that is wearing a sandal?
Is the weather clear?
Is the toilet different in color than the dryer?
On which side of the picture is the orange?
Are these animals of different species?
Does the saucer have a different color than the mug?
What color is the jacket?
Are there either any helmets or horses in this image?
On which side of the picture is the car, the left or the right?
Which kind of animal is in front of the building?
What is the horse in front of?
Is the bowl in the bottom of the photo?
What vehicle is the grass around of?
What color is the bag in the bottom of the picture?
What are the animals in the pen the plants are behind of?
Is the woman to the left of the child wearing a skirt?
What kind of appliance is on the counter?
Who is on the skateboard?
What is the animal in front of the building?
What is the animal that is wearing a coat called?
What animal is in front of the building?
Do you see children or women?
What color is the bag of the people?
Is the cooked food on the platter?
Which color are the flowers, yellow or red?
What kind of device is in front of the leaves?
What type of device is in front of the leaves?
Do you see soap bottles or plates?
Do you see cats that are not orange?
On which side of the picture is the boy?
What is the piece of furniture that is wooden called?
Is the fridge on the left or on the right side?
Are there placemats or clocks in the picture?
Does the umbrella to the right of the woman look white and open?
Which type of clothing is green?
Are there either any orange cakes or chairs?
How big is the giraffe to the left of the bucket?
Are there any candles or umbrellas in this picture?
Are there umbrellas or helmets that are blue?
Are the sneakers Adidas and orange?
What is the white clothing item called?
On which side is the crate?
Are there pictures to the right of the curtains that are white and pink?
What is the man on?
Do you see a dog in the snow?
What is the animal in the white snow?
What kind of food is not yellow, the lemon or the orange?
Is this a lemon or a cucumber?
Is there a square plate or bottle?
Is the laptop computer to the left or to the right of the computer mouse that is on the right of the photo?
Which side is the shelf on?
Is the person wearing a hat?
What color is the liquid, red or blue?
What color is the necktie the man is wearing?
Who is wearing a helmet?
Do you see any potatoes in this image that are yellow?
Which side is the coffee table on?
How is the animal in the grass called?
Is the batter to the right of a helmet?
How clean is the road near the plants?
Is the bright table red or gray?
Does the jacket look blue?
Is the man in the bottom or in the top of the photo?
What is the animal in front of the fence made of iron?
What animal is in front of the fence that looks brown and gray?
Is the remote in the top of the picture?
Which side are the trays on?
Is the donkey in the bottom part or in the top?
Which side of the picture are the books on?
Is the hair of the man curly and blond?
What color is the ball to the right of the other ball?
Does the athletic woman hold the racket that looks red and black?
Are there plates in the photo?
What is the person with the helmet riding?
Which color do you think the train that the wires are above is?
What is the animal on the pink blanket?
Is the pipe red?
Is the silver car to the right of a man?
Are there refrigerators or cabinets that are closed?
Are the skis on the right of the photo?
Which kind of furniture is in the hospital?
How does the bird to the left of the catcher look, brown or white?
Is the appliance on the left side or on the right?
Does the flag near the doll look green or white?
Is this a desk or a bed?
Which side of the picture are the flags on?
What is the vehicle in front of the motorbike?
Are there any black cars or backpacks?
What is the piece of furniture in this photo?
Do you see either a knife or coffee in the scene?
Do you see a brown cake or cookie?
What animal is the building in front of?
Is the bench green?
On which side of the picture is the red bike?
Is the jacket tan or black?
Are there either red balls or frisbees?
Is the blue toilet on the right?
What is the animal that is brown called?
What is in front of the dark trees?
What animal is blue?
What animal is the stick in front of, a bear or an elephant?
The person to the right of the bus is holding what?
Are the pants green or brown?
What are the fruits that the orange bowl is holding?
Is the tent in the top part of the image?
Does the boat have a different color than the shrub?
On which side of the image is the woman?
What is in front of the table?
How big is the bucket?
Is the small basket brown or green?
What is located on top of the seat?
What is the color of the device in the middle?
What is the white item of furniture called?
What color is the dog to the right of the bell, brown or white?
The umbrella is of what color?
Is there either any meat or cheese in the photograph?
What do you think is the animal that is brown?
Are there any men to the right of the woman that is wearing snowpants?
What kind of animal is shown in the image?
Is the boy to the left or to the right of the flag that is presented in this image?
What kind of furniture is the animal near the keyboard lying on, a bookcase or a couch?
Is the person to the left of the man wearing a hat?
What animal is the tree in front of?
