Is the tall clock small or large?
What is the piece of furniture that he is sleeping in?
On which side of the picture are the children?
Which kind of animal is in the field?
Do you see any horses in the field?
Are the ripe bananas above a newspaper?
On which side of the picture is the ski?
Is the woman in front of a picture?
Is the little dog to the right or to the left of the pillow on the left?
Is the silver car to the right or to the left of the traffic cone?
What animal is in front of the grass?
Is the bag to the right or to the left of the woman that is wearing trousers?
Are the feathers yellow or blue?
Is the napkin in the bottom?
Does the shirt look white?
What's the bike in front of?
What is the bike in front of?
Does the pillow on the bed look orange or black?
Are the fries on a tray?
Is the small device on a cabinet?
On which side of the picture is the bench?
Is the yellow helmet to the right or to the left of the man on the right?
What is the color of the shoe lace?
On which side of the image is the backpack?
Is the spectator on the right or on the left side?
Are the people in the field standing by a lamb?
What is the brown piece of furniture called?
On which side of the picture is the fence?
In which part of the picture is the fence, the bottom or the top?
On which side of the image is the pillow?
Are there pillows or towels that are not red?
Are there any chairs or tables that are made of metal?
Is the vehicle in the parking lot black or white?
Are there breads in the paper bag?
Is there a spoon or a fork that is made of plastic?
Does the blue kite have triangular shape and large size?
What kind of baked good is brown?
Which color are the trousers?
Is there a woman to the right of the person that is wearing a sandal?
Is the weather clear?
Is the toilet different in color than the dryer?
On which side of the picture is the orange?
Are these animals of different species?
Does the saucer have a different color than the mug?
What color is the jacket?
Are there either any helmets or horses in this image?
On which side of the picture is the car, the left or the right?
Which kind of animal is in front of the building?
What is the horse in front of?
Is the bowl in the bottom of the photo?
What vehicle is the grass around of?
What color is the bag in the bottom of the picture?
What are the animals in the pen the plants are behind of?
Is the woman to the left of the child wearing a skirt?
What kind of appliance is on the counter?
Who is on the skateboard?
What is the animal in front of the building?
What is the animal that is wearing a coat called?
What animal is in front of the building?
Do you see children or women?
What color is the bag of the people?
Is the cooked food on the platter?
Which color are the flowers, yellow or red?
What kind of device is in front of the leaves?
What type of device is in front of the leaves?
Do you see soap bottles or plates?
Do you see cats that are not orange?
On which side of the picture is the boy?
What is the piece of furniture that is wooden called?
Is the fridge on the left or on the right side?
Are there placemats or clocks in the picture?
Does the umbrella to the right of the woman look white and open?
Which type of clothing is green?
Are there either any orange cakes or chairs?
How big is the giraffe to the left of the bucket?
Are there any candles or umbrellas in this picture?
Are there umbrellas or helmets that are blue?
Are the sneakers Adidas and orange?
What is the white clothing item called?
On which side is the crate?
Are there pictures to the right of the curtains that are white and pink?
What is the man on?
Do you see a dog in the snow?
What is the animal in the white snow?
What kind of food is not yellow, the lemon or the orange?
Is this a lemon or a cucumber?
Is there a square plate or bottle?
Is the laptop computer to the left or to the right of the computer mouse that is on the right of the photo?
Which side is the shelf on?
Is the person wearing a hat?
What color is the liquid, red or blue?
What color is the necktie the man is wearing?
Who is wearing a helmet?
Do you see any potatoes in this image that are yellow?
Which side is the coffee table on?
How is the animal in the grass called?
Is the batter to the right of a helmet?
How clean is the road near the plants?
Is the bright table red or gray?
Does the jacket look blue?
Is the man in the bottom or in the top of the photo?
What is the animal in front of the fence made of iron?
What animal is in front of the fence that looks brown and gray?
Is the remote in the top of the picture?
Which side are the trays on?
Is the donkey in the bottom part or in the top?
Which side of the picture are the books on?
Is the hair of the man curly and blond?
What color is the ball to the right of the other ball?
Does the athletic woman hold the racket that looks red and black?
Are there plates in the photo?
What is the person with the helmet riding?
Which color do you think the train that the wires are above is?
What is the animal on the pink blanket?
Is the pipe red?
Is the silver car to the right of a man?
Are there refrigerators or cabinets that are closed?
Are the skis on the right of the photo?
Which kind of furniture is in the hospital?
How does the bird to the left of the catcher look, brown or white?
Is the appliance on the left side or on the right?
Does the flag near the doll look green or white?
Is this a desk or a bed?
Which side of the picture are the flags on?
What is the vehicle in front of the motorbike?
Are there any black cars or backpacks?
What is the piece of furniture in this photo?
Do you see either a knife or coffee in the scene?
Do you see a brown cake or cookie?
What animal is the building in front of?
Is the bench green?
On which side of the picture is the red bike?
Is the jacket tan or black?
Are there either red balls or frisbees?
Is the blue toilet on the right?
What is the animal that is brown called?
What is in front of the dark trees?
What animal is blue?
What animal is the stick in front of, a bear or an elephant?
The person to the right of the bus is holding what?
Are the pants green or brown?
What are the fruits that the orange bowl is holding?
Is the tent in the top part of the image?
Does the boat have a different color than the shrub?
On which side of the image is the woman?
What is in front of the table?
How big is the bucket?
Is the small basket brown or green?
What is located on top of the seat?
What is the color of the device in the middle?
What is the white item of furniture called?
What color is the dog to the right of the bell, brown or white?
The umbrella is of what color?
Is there either any meat or cheese in the photograph?
What do you think is the animal that is brown?
Are there any men to the right of the woman that is wearing snowpants?
What kind of animal is shown in the image?
Is the boy to the left or to the right of the flag that is presented in this image?
What kind of furniture is the animal near the keyboard lying on, a bookcase or a couch?
Is the person to the left of the man wearing a hat?
What animal is the tree in front of?
The tree is in front of what animal?
Are the curtains to the left of the vases both white and long?
What type of animal is in front of the wall that is not tall?
Do you see breads or plates?
Is the vase near the other vases small or large?
On which side of the photo is the bottle?
What color is the shirt the boy is wearing?
What type of furniture is to the left of the girl with the necklace?
Are there bottles or tables that are green?
Do you see cars or bags there?
Which side is the screen on?
Is the man to the left of a bag?
Does the gray water look calm or choppy?
On which side is the hose?
Which side of the photo is the white container on?
On which side of the image is the old person, the left or the right?
Do you see any train cars to the left of the crate that looks red?
What type of vehicle is to the right of the lady that is wearing a ring?
Are there any soft drinks in this image?
Does the pillow that is to the right of the other pillows look white or green?
What color is the fence, black or orange?
What is the animal that is to the right of the woman on the left?
Which kind of furniture is beneath the computer?
Is the dragon in the bottom of the picture?
Is the coffee cup sitting on top of the plate?
Is the mobile phone in the top part of the photo?
What is the color of the cup that the boy is holding?
Is the white airplane on the right of the image?
Does the American flag look striped?
Which side of the image is the silver bowl on?
Do you see either black trucks or cars?
Is the ball in the top part or in the bottom of the image?
Are there any blue buses or words?
What is in front of the mailbox the girl is beside of?
What sign is in front of the mailbox that is on the side of the street?
What is the name of the animal that is perched on the fence?
What is the vehicle that is on the pavement?
Are there chairs to the right of the umbrella that looks white and blue?
The chair on the right has which color?
Is there any airplane that is not blue?
Is there either a brown squirrel or kitten?
Is this a wine glass or a plate?
Is the blue bag on the left or on the right of the photo?
Are there either any umbrellas or light bulbs?
What color is the sky, white or blue?
Are there any umbrellas that are not black?
The bike near the table has what color?
Who in the image is standing?
What is the food in the bowl that is to the left of the napkins?
The person that is sitting-down is wearing what?
What vehicle is wide?
Which kind of vehicle is black?
On which side of the picture is the drawer?
Is the banana on a plate?
Is the orange beverage to the left of a dining table?
Is the bike to the right of the bag that is to the left of the phone?
Is the alien that is not male wearing a skirt?
What is the animal that the person to the left of the people is riding?
Are there both screens and keyboards in this picture?
Is there any chair or door in the picture?
Is the napkin to the left of the bottle that is to the left of the wineglass?
Does the vase above the platform look small and silver?
Do you see an umbrella or a motorcycle?
What is the color of the fence on the left side?
What vegetables are to the right of the squash?
What food is to the right of the pastry in the bottom?
On which side of the image are the curtains?
On which side of the photo is the brown cow?
What is hanging on the wall made of wood?
Is it outdoors or indoors?
Do the sneakers look black?
Which color is the floor that is made of wood, brown or white?
Is there a black skateboard or motorcycle?
On which side of the image is the train car?
Does the train car look purple?
Are there any blue trucks or trains?
Are there bikers or officers?
Is this a train or a truck?
On which side of the picture is the boy?
On which side is the car?
What color is the cup to the right of the screen, black or white?
What color is the keyboard that is to the left of the freezer?
Where was the image taken, a beach or a field?
Which side of the image is the pizza on?
What color do you think is the cow on the right?
What vehicles are parked on the street?
Are there onions or olives that are not green?
On which side of the photo is the tent?
What is the white animal in this photograph?
Which kind of animal is walking on the hill?
Is there an onion to the right of the sandwich?
What color is the shirt?
Are the eyes dark or yellow?
Is the surfboard dark and large?
Who is playing the Wii controller?
What clothing item is black?
On what is the man to the right of the person sitting?
On which side of the photo is the black pot?
Is the shirt red or blue?
Are the black pants up or down?
What kind of animal is to the right of the bag?
What is the animal to the left of the cow that is in the field?
Does the swim suit look black and wet?
On which side is the catcher?
Which kind of animal is in the bag?
Which kind of vehicle is the tree behind of?
Is the black device on the right part or on the left?
Which kind of furniture is made of wood?
Is the color of the chair white?
How large is the pen the sign is on the side of?
What is the item of furniture to the left of the donut the sprinkles are on top of called?
What color is the horse to the right of the other horse, white or brown?
What is the animal that is behind the people to the right of the wagon?
Which part of the photo is the croissant in, the top or the bottom?
On which side is the wood chair, the left or the right?
Is the train car on the left side or on the right of the photo?
Which kind of material is used to make the cups to the left of the other cup?
Are there boys to the right of the child that is to the right of the cup?
Is the broccoli in the top part of the picture?
Does she hold a frisbee?
Are there both drawers and refrigerators in the photo?
Is it indoors or outdoors?
What are the animals that are drinking the water?
Is the large vehicle long or is it short?
What is the blue clothing item called?
Who is sitting on top of the chair?
What is the animal that is wearing a hat?
Do these people have the same gender?
What color does the shirt have?
Do the fence and the bus have a different colors?
Who is wearing the cap?
Is the batter to the right of the helmet wearing a cap?
What kind of vegetable is on the pizza?
What is the vegetable on the pizza with the chicken?
What do you think is the food to the left of the napkin?
Is there any pepperoni on the food the cup is behind of?
What vegetable is on the brown food?
What vegetable is on the pizza?
What is the color of the headboard?
In which part of the photo is the person, the top or the bottom?
Who is throwing the frisbee?
Are there both a door and a window in the picture?
On which side of the picture is the orange?
Does that pillow look blue?
Are there chairs in front of the desk?
Is the door large or small?
Is the plastic chair to the left of the white boat?
In which part of the picture is the chair?
On which side of the picture is the microphone?
Are there any mugs to the right of the bottle in the bottom of the picture?
Are the paper towels in the top part or in the bottom of the picture?
Which kind of furniture is behind the toilet?
Is this a bus or a train?
On which side of the picture is the picture?
On which side is the bike?
How does the toy look, yellow or red?
What is the device that the person in front of the woman is using?
Is there either a helmet or a snow board in the picture?
Is this a white picture?
Are there trash cans or safety vests?
On which side is the garbage can?
Does the plate have green color?
Are the green bushes behind a bench?
What is the material of the bar stools?
On which side is the fence?
What is the person on the bench watching, a lamb or a horse?
Is that a fork or a spoon?
Is it an indoors or outdoors picture?
Is there a banana to the left of the tomatoes in the bottom part of the photo?
What vegetable is to the right of the mushroom?
Who is pulled by the animal that is on the road?
Are there kids or men?
What is the color of the armchair that the sofa is to the right of?
On which side is the umbrella?
The flowers are on what?
Is the truck in the bottom part or in the top of the image?
Is the box to the right or to the left of the suitcase that is to the left of the bag?
Is the sky cloudy and white?
On which side is the camera?
Are there traffic lights in the image?
On which side of the image are the boxes?
Which side of the photo is the bag on?
What color is the sponge to the right of the lamp?
Is there a door in this image that is not made of metal?
What color do you think is the bench the man sits on?
Who is holding the cup that is golden?
Is that a truck or a train?
Are there drawers above the cabinets that are in the bottom of the image?
Where is this?
Which kind of meat is on the pizza?
What type of animal is to the left of the person that is in the middle of the photo?
In which part of the photo is the mirror, the bottom or the top?
In which part of the image is the meat, the top or the bottom?
Do you see any potatoes or squashes?
What vehicle is above the road near the building?
Is the girl on the snow wearing a skirt?
Are there both a fence and a ball in the picture?
Is the fence in the top part of the picture?
On which side of the photo is the controller?
Is the vase in the bottom part or in the top of the picture?
Is the lettuce in the bottom part or in the top?
What are the pastries to the right of the juice that is on the left of the photo?
Is the color of the shirt brown?
Is there any grass that is short?
Is the child to the left of a ball?
Do you see kites or surfboards in this picture?
What is the pitcher made of?
What's the bench made of?
On which side is the girl?
On which side is the silver spoon?
Is the scarf gray or red?
Is the person in front of the fence wearing shorts?
Does the cabinet look black?
Do you see plates in the scene?
What is the name of the animal that is shown in the photograph?
Do you see cars to the right of the cell phone that is to the right of the tourist?
Is the green car in the top part or in the bottom?
On which side are the pickles?
Is there a horse or a swan in the photo?
What is in front of the trees?
Which side of the photo is the boat on?
What vehicles are in front of the house?
What are the vehicles that are in front of the white house?
Is this a bed or a cabinet?
Do the sky and the sign have the same color?
Do the napkins seem to be off?
Is the cart to the right of the purse that is to the right of the woman?
What are the people to the right of the vehicle riding?
Is the fence in front of the bus?
What color is the sand that looks rough?
What is the food on the pastry to the left of the potato?
What color do you think the curtain on the window is?
Is the wallet on top of a bed?
Who looks at the mobile phone?
Is the cat to the right of a bottle?
Is the color of the tank top green?
Are there any horses or cows that are not walking?
Is the color of the umbrella the same as the lady's bag?
On which side of the photo is the curtain?
Who do you think is wearing goggles?
Is the speaker in the bottom part or in the top of the image?
Are there flags in the photograph?
What is hanging on the wall?
Who is wearing a shirt?
What is the animal that the woman is on?
Is the laptop to the right or to the left of the keyboard?
On which side is the white bottle?
Are there houses near the road?
What animals are in the field?
What is the zebra doing, standing or walking?
What is the animal that is furry?
What piece of furniture is to the left of the rope?
Are both the dress and the blazer the same color?
Is the building in front or behind the trees?
Who is wearing trousers?
Is there a towel under the sink that is in the bathroom?
Do you see a bottle under the table that the horse is on?
Is the red car to the right or to the left of the person that is on the right of the picture?
Are there both food and coffee in the picture?
On which side of the photo is the book?
The bottles the cups are to the left of have what color?
Is the person that is standing throwing a frisbee?
Which kind of furniture is to the right of the girl?
Of what color is the frisbee the man is holding?
What is in front of the truck?
Is this computer on a dining table?
On which side of the photo is the man?
Is the child to the right of the animal that is wearing a collar?
What animal is the red blanket covering?
Are there any bananas or walnuts in this image?
What color is that flower?
Does the dress look orange or gray?
Does the white sink appear to be metallic?
The glove the batter is wearing is of what color?
What is the animal in the field?
Which kind of animal is in the field?
On which side is the rug?
What is the device that the lady to the left of the guy is holding?
Are the goggles bright and green?
What color is the bottle in the middle?
Is the fence in front of the vehicle in the top of the image?
Is the bathroom made of plastic?
Who kicks the ball that is in the top?
Which kind of device is left of the racket?
Is there a donut to the left of the chocolate in the bottom of the image?
Which kind of baked good is to the left of the coconut?
Is there a flag near the door?
Are there guys to the right of the sculpture?
On which side of the image is the safety cone?
Which side of the picture is the shelf on?
Is the man in the bottom or in the top part of the image?
Are the bananas in front of the man ripe and green?
On which side of the photo is the car?
What is the appliance in the white kitchen?
What color is the fire hydrant to the left of the boy?
What is the person to the left of the curtain wearing?
Is this a banana or an orange?
Is the wood shelf in the top or in the bottom of the image?
Is the paper on a refrigerator?
Which side of the photo is the car on?
On which side is the gray animal, the left or the right?
Is the fence behind the brown horse?
Is the paper on the counter?
What color is the clean plate?
Is the woman that is to the right of the container wearing a tank top?
Is the flag in the bottom or in the top of the image?
Does the weather appear to be overcast?
Is there a chair to the right of the sofa that is cream-colored and tan?
What is the piece of furniture to the left of the utensil that is on the cereal?
Do you see any plates to the right of the brown cup?
Who is standing on the ground?
Are there guys to the left of the camera on the left side of the image?
Are the walls white or green?
Is the glass table to the left or to the right of the couch?
What place is shown, the airport or the train station?
Are the gloves made of leather or rubber?
Are there either any skis or helmets?
How large is the palm tree to the right of the palm?
Which color do you think the shorts the man is in have?
On which side of the picture is the happy woman?
How old is the person in front of the bridge?
Of what color is the couch in front of the bed sheet?
Are the animals in this scene all of the same species?
Are there mustard bottles or desks?
Is the menu under the brown object on the table?
Does that vending machine look red or black?
Is the wall made of the same material as the pen?
Which kind of appliance is on the counter?
On which side is the chrome faucet?
Are the bicycles in the bottom of the image?
Is the microwave to the right of cabinets?
What is the color of the container to the left of the pens?
Are there books on the bookshelf to the left of the computer?
Does the thick grass look brown or green?
Which color is the sheep that is on the left side?
Are the animals of different types?
On which side of the image is the chimney?
Which color are the pants?
Is the color of the toilet different than the wall?
Is there a computer mouse on the dog?
On which side of the picture is the baby, the right or the left?
Is the person with the surfboard wearing a wet suit?
What is the person with the surfboard wearing?
Are the green pickles to the right of an olive?
On which side are the scissors?
Who is on the motorcycle near the sand?
Which kind of vehicle is in the street?
Which color do you think the shoe that she is wearing is?
Is there a horse to the left of the cow on the right?
Are there tomatoes in the scene that are not large?
What kind of animal is in front of the trees?
Is the white mat in the bottom or in the top part?
Does the glove made of cloth look thick?
What color is the vehicle on the left?
Which side of the picture is the palm on?
Do you see boys near the white piano?
Does the catcher in front of the umpire wear a glove?
What piece of furniture is it?
What type of furniture is made of the same material as the shelf?
Does the hair look blond or brown?
What kind of furniture is to the right of the pillow?
What do you think is the kettle on?
Does the man with the boots wear a hat?
Are there any sheep in front of the vehicles that are on the street?
Is the passenger behind the black seat?
What animal is this fence in front of?
What is the silver plate made of?
In which part of the picture is the blue flag, the bottom or the top?
Who is wearing the belt?
Who is wearing a belt?
What is the tree in front of?
Is the dish topped with pepper?
Is the guy to the left of a man?
Do you think her nose is red?
Is the boat on the right or on the left?
Is the sausage to the right of cheese?
Does the cap of man have blue color?
Are there both keyboards and mouse pads in the photograph?
Which color is the purse on the left?
On which side are the papers?
Does that poster look black or green?
Is the man playing with a ball?
What does the child that to the left of the fence hold?
Are there any cans to the left of the coffee cups in the bottom of the image?
Is the truck to the left of the mirror white and small?
What kind of furniture is holding the books in the top of the photo?
Do you see rackets to the right of the person that is in front of the fence?
Is it an outdoors or indoors picture?
Do the shorts look white?
Who is in front of the building?
Does the baseball cap look blue?
Who leans against the wall?
Which color is that shirt?
Is the hair brown?
What is the animal to the left of the frisbee lying on?
Is there any checkered table or chair?
Do you see cabinets next to the toilet?
Are there either any horses or giraffes that are standing?
Which kind of food is not white, the cheese or the basil?
Which side of the image is the bowl on?
Which side of the photo is the suitcase on?
Is there a bear in this image that is small?
On which side of the picture is the lemon?
Which part of the picture is the can in, the bottom or the top?
What is the appliance in the cabinets made out of wood?
Is the guy's hair brown or blond?
Which kind of furniture is the pen on?
Is that a soccer ball or a frisbee?
Is the blue blanket on the bed?
Which kind of appliance is above the oven?
Are there bicycles or hair clips?
Is the seat in front of the flames?
Who is wearing the glove?
Are there either windows or doors that are not white?
Does the shirt have a different color than the tshirt?
Is the guy to the left or to the right of the helmet in the middle?
In which part of the photo is the drink, the bottom or the top?
Are there either lamps or cabinets that are not red?
Do you see a flag in front of the person with the glasses?
What is the vehicle that the person with the necktie is sitting on?
What animal is to the left of the bottle?
Do you see any food there?
Which kind of fruit is not green?
Are the flowers on a horse?
Which kind of baked good is sitting in the basket?
On which side is the lamp?
Are both the animals of the same type?
Is there any cheese in this picture?
What is the color of the shirt?
Who is holding the stick?
Is the chair black or pink?
What food is on the plate the food is above?
What is the animal that the man to the left of the children is sitting on?
Are the fries on a tray?
Is the white towel in the top part or in the bottom of the picture?
How tall is the grass that looks green?
Which color is the shirt that the woman is wearing?
Does the bus have a different color than the frame?
Is there any wine to the left of the bottle on the left?
What color is the bag that is on the right side?
The person to the right of the girl is holding onto what?
How old is the elephant at the door?
Is the trashcan to the right of the ice cream the boy is eating?
What vegetable is in the bowl?
Is the wall behind the aquarium above the drawers?
In which part of the image is the balloon, the bottom or the top?
Which color is the skateboard that is in the center?
Does that balloon have blue color?
On which side of the picture is the bottle?
On which side of the photo is the tap?
Are there either dogs or bees in the photo?
Are there any people to the right of the parachute that is to the right of the pilot?
Which kind of sign is the fence behind of?
What animal is to the right of the tower?
On which side is the house?
What color is the hair of the man?
Is the tent white?
On which side of the image is the white coffee cup?
What clothing items are blue?
How big is the mirror?
Is the soap to the left of a towel?
Are the pants wide or narrow?
Do the trees behind the train look bare?
Who is in front of the building near the tree?
Who is in front of the building?
Is the suitcase on the right or on the left?
What color does the canister to the right of the cups have?
Does the picnic table look brown?
